how everyone in this lecture will see about what is Atlantic shell.
So that's also important topic to understand.
Let's continue.
In the early days off,
computing instructions were provided using boundary language.
What is banned the language computer.
Understand the language off zeros and ones that is known as bandy language,
which is difficult for all of us to read and write.
Therefore,
in an operating system,
there is a special program called Shell A Shell provides you with an interferes toe,
the UNIX or Linux based operating system.
It gathers input from you on execute programmes based on that input.
And when a program finishes executing,
it displays that programs output in simple words.
If you want to interact with the operating system,
you need some medium.
On that medium is call you shell.
So what?
I want to you know,
London.
Come on,
I want to,
you know,
execute some program.
We cannot directly you know,
talkto the Lennox cardamom because Linus couple understand Bandy language only so how the
users can interact with the Lennox got moved with the help of Shell.
That is your medium.
You can talk to your Lennox Gardens,
the shell except human readable commons and just leave them into something the colonel can
lead in process.
Let me take you into my blackboard on and draw a simple tagged him so that he can
understand what is shown.
So you want to complicate,
Really?
You know,
Lennox operating system or any operating system.
So the main component off on operating system is your colonel.
So I'm just taking the example off,
you know,
Lennox operating system.
So the main component we have this is your Lennox.
Come in.
Right on.
You have a stole Lennox,
What?
To some,
you know,
physical box.
So obviously there will be some,
you know,
computer hardware as well.
So we have this hardware.
So let Mrs Mannix colonel is responsible to managing the computer hardware as well.
No,
there is some user.
They have somebody because,
like,
user request,
we can see.
Do you want to,
you know,
type some things.
Some program so they cannot tell directly.
Talk to the Atlantis camel.
They need some medium.
So that medium is your shell here.
So user will not directly talk to the Linus can.
They will talk to Linus.
Colonel wire shell late.
Suppose we have some application.
Andi and we have seen that once we have install an application,
it is running at the back end.
So application,
they have their in billions shell.
They can talk directly to the planning on getting design out.
So I believe with this small and simple diagram,
you understand?
What is Atlantic Shell all about?
So,
basically,
the shell is a user program.
We can see that,
or it is a coolant.
Or we can say it is an environment provided for user injection.
Begin to that right.
And,
you know,
once you log into the box,
you will get the shell.
The shell gets it started when you log in or open the console.
And I so from the cell for this lecture in the next lecture,
I will tell you the several cells that are of level for Lennox.
So thanks for watching.
And if you have time,
please join with me in the next lecture.